[MUSIC]
>> Brian: Someone must have mentioned
that Webpack sucks to run right now.
So let's make it suck slightly less.
[LAUGH] So everyone go to,
well we can actually do it direct
in the command line real quick.
So we're here in our repo.
We're gonna run webpack --watch.
And remember, this is going to
pull in our Webpack config,
that's why it knows what
it's supposed to do.
[COUGH] That first run is going to
be just as slow as it always is.
But now if I go change something,
I'm gonna change this to say,
Browse All!?!?!?!?!?,
just adding something to change it.
And now, if I save,
notice that rebuilt really fast, right?
This took six seconds.
This took 141 milliseconds.
And the reason why is Webpack is smart
enough to say, all this stuff that I
built, only this tiny chunk changed,
so I'm only gonna rebuild this part.
And then, reintegrate it back into
the things I already built right?
So for the most part,
react is the big part and
all the babel polyfills
that's the big part.
And just our app right now is tiny.
So it's actually gonna be really
fast every time we do watch now.
So now if we refresh,
notice that it's all there.
And the nice part is now every time I
change something, I don't have to go back
and say run build every single time, it
just automatically will change on the fly.
The reason why this ends up being not so
nice, is when you have an error,
it's nice to have Webpack yell
at you right in your face.
And sometimes what'll happen is,
I'll change something and say this, right,
I'll click save, this is broken, right?
And if I was going over to my console,
you'll notice right in the front,
it says, my god, you broke everything,
you're so stupid, right?
But actually Webpack will give you pretty
nice, actually this is not very nice.
[LAUGH] It'll try to give you a nice
error of, hey I broke here, right?
And now if I go over here, you wouldn't
see the change propagated because
it won't rebuild unless it can actually
fully rebuild what you're looking at.
So that's why it's important to make sure
you're checking your console every so
often.
So now we wanna actually, go ahead.
>> Speaker 2: There was a question
about is there a way to get
auto completing on your tags in
sublime?
>> Brian: Auto complete in the sense of
like?
>> Speaker 2: If you open a div.
>> Brian: So like if <div>,
in sublime I'm hitting alt, option.
Alt or Option Command period will
close whatever tag you are on.
And it's actually smart enough to say,
it knows I'm on an H1 right now.
So it'll close H1 first then the div.
And if I try to do it now,
nothing's open so I'm nothing's open so
it won't close that.
I mean that's just an HTML trick and
I think most
editors have some version of that.
>> Speaker 3: That's the same in
ATOM.
>> Brian: Yeah,
I think they took out a lot
of the sublime bindings.
So now if you want to get extra advance,
I always hesitate because people ask
me how I did this and it took me so
long to configure it correctly,
and I don't remember how I did it.
But just anyone here use Emmet for
H.T.M.L. it's amazing so
you just say div.myclass right and
then you can a tab and
just auto complete into a [INAUDIBLE].
>> Speaker 4: Actually
just sent a link into chat with
instructions on how to enable
that JSX.
>> Brian: Wait hold on is
that my question?
>> Brian: Look who
asked the question this guy, hoo.
[LAUGH] That's the only question
I've ever asked on Stack Overflow.
[LAUGH] That's really funny.
>> Speaker 4: I didn't even see that part.
>> Brian: Yeah, so you can do it.
It's a pain in the butt to configure, so
that's why I always hesitate
to show people that.
But it is pretty cool,
you can say If you just do period my-class
it infers that you meant to div, right?
Or you can do my-class my-id, right?
It will actually do class name, ID.
It's pretty neat.
I'd recommend it.
I think
it's a emmet.io if you
want to check it out.
It's built for every editor out there.
So put that on the to do list.
I didn't want to spend too much time on
it because it's a pain to set up for JSX.
It works out of the box for
html, it's just for
JSX in particular it's a pain.
>> Brian: Okay.
Any questions about that?
>> Brian: Cool,
again, I'm gonna generally
avoid using Emmet,
just cuz I want people to
actually see what I'm typing out.
But you're welcome to use it if
you can get it to work correctly.
All right, so we're gonna put into
our package.json the watch so
we don't have to remember
what the command is.
And we can just do as you might
imagine webpack -- watch.
Pretty simple.
>> Brian: That makes me so happy that
you found my question on stack overflow.
>> Speaker 4: It was the first or
second result.
>> Speaker 2: That's 7,500 views.
>> Brian: Yeah because I was definitely
not the first person to question.
>> Brian: Yeah, how funny.
Okay.
So now instead of doing npm run, sorry.
Instead of doing webpack --watch,
we can just do npm run watch.
>> Brian: It'll run webpack for us.
For those of you that are not
super familiar with command-line
this is gonna run indefinitely in
you console until you hit Control C.
And that's how you stop it from
running in case anyone was
unaware of that feature of the console.
>> Speaker 2: Somebody is asking if there
is a syntax for comments and J.S. X.
>> Brian: There is so
as you might have noticed.
Let's come back here and close that.
This isn't gonna work and
this doesn't work either.
>> Brian: That's kind of a pain, so
the way you do it Is you do this, with the
curly braces,which is the expression we
talked about and then you can do this.
>> Brian: And
that's the way you do it currently.
As far as I know,
there's not another good way to do it.
>> Brian: It's annoying but
it is what it is.
Other questions?
Okay.
>> Speaker 2: Sorry,
one is just coming in,
do you recommend setting up JS source maps
early in the process for easier debugging?
>> Brian: I mean the answer is,
we're not going to have
sources maps at all today and
the reason being for
that is it's just another thing to set up.
[LAUGH] It's just more tooling that
we don't necessarily need right now.
What source maps are gonna tell you is
that instead of telling you had an error
here in bundle .gs,
It's gonna be line 50000 of bundle .JS.
It's gonna say you have an error
on line ten of, my title.JSX.
And that's a nice feature you can
also do a feel like your sass and
anything like that now that
browsers speak source map and
you're welcome to do that
we're just not gonna do today.
>> Brian: Okay, any other questions about
before we move on or Webpack watch, okay.
>> Speaker 2: Will comments in some
curly braces get rendered to the browsers?
>> Brian: No and
there's not as far as I know.
It's not a good way to do to operate
browser comments right now with JSX.
Not that I'm aware of anyway.
But you can Google that I'm sure someone
else had that problem if they really
needed one and figured it out.